---
meta:
  - name: description
    content: User fields interpretation
---

# User Fields Interpretation

<LastUpdated/>

All fields of Authing users and their definitions are as follows:

- `id`: user ID, the format is `5f927f5daa7ba859b6b5c21f`, which is a unique ID automatically generated by Authing.
- `token`: user's identity certificate, the value is an [OIDC IdToken](/concepts/id-token.md). This field can be used to verify the user's identity and determine the user's login status. For details, please refer to the [verification token](../faqs/how-to-validate-user-token.md).
- `userPoolId`: user pool ID, the format is `5f927f5daa7ba859b6b5c21f`, which is a unique ID automatically generated by Authing.
- `username`: username, which is case sensitive and unique in the user pool.
- `email`: email, which is unique in the user pool and case-insensitive, such as `Bob@example.com` and `bob@example.com` will be recognized as the same email address.
- `emailVerified`: check whether the email has been verified or not. Authing will not stop the login of users who have not verified the email by default. If you want to force users to login after their email is verified, please see here.
- `phone`: phone number.
- `phoneVerified`: this field is used to check whether the mobile phone number has been verified or not. This field is `true` for users who register and log in with the phone number verification code. For users manually created by the administrator, this field is `false`.
- `unionid`: this field is the user's third-party ID when the user uses a third-party identity source or social login.
- `openid`: the openid returned by the third-party identity source user.
- `nickname`: user's nickname, this field is not unique.
- `photo`: user profile picture.
- `oauth`: for users registered through social login, this field saves the original user information returned by the third-party social login service provider. For example, users registered in the GitHub, this field is the [original user information returned by the GitHub](https://developers.weixin.qq.com/miniprogram/dev/api/open-api/user-info/wx.getUserInfo.html) after parsed through JSON.
- `tokenExpiredAt`: token expired time, which is a time string that meets ISO8601 format, such as "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700Z", "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700 or "2017-06-07T14:34:08+04:00".
- `loginsCount`: The cumulative number of logins.
- `lastLogin`: Last login time, a time that meets the ISO8601 format, such as "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700Z", "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700 or "2017-06-07T14:34:08+04:00".
- `signedUp`: Registration time, a time string that meets the ISO8601 format, such as "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700Z", "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700 or "2017-06-07T14:34:08+04:00".
- `blocked`: check whether the user account is disabled. And the disabled account cannot be logged in.
- `lastIP`: The client IP when the user logged in last time.
- `device`: The device used when the user logged in last time.
- `browser`: The browser used when the user logged in last time.
- `company`: company.
- `name`: OIDC standard field.
- `givenName`: OIDC standard field.
- `familyName`: OIDC standard field.
- `middleName`: OIDC standard field.
- `preferredUsername`: OIDC standard field.
- `profile`: user's Profile Url, users who log in with GitHub, this field is a link to their GitHub personal homepage.
- `website`: personal website
- `gender`: gender. M means male, F means female, and U means unknown.
- `birthdate`: birthday
- `zoneinfo`: time zone
- `locale`: language
- `address`: address
- `streetAddress`: street address
- `locality`: Locality
- `region`: region
- `postalCode`: postal code
- `city`: city
- `province`: province
- `country`: country

The following is sample user information in JSON format:

```json
{
  "id": "5f8d4c6ee7cbcaf59486c93d",
  "arn": "arn:cn:authing:59f86b4832eb28071bdd9214:user:5f8d4c6ee7cbcaf59486c93d",
  "userPoolId": "59f86b4832eb28071bdd9214",
  "username": "USERNAME",
  "email": null,
  "emailVerified": false,
  "phone": null,
  "phoneVerified": false,
  "unionid": "UNIONID",
  "openid": "OPENID",
  "nickname": null,
  "photo": "https://files.authing.co/user-contents/59f86b4832eb28071bdd9214/avatar/5c7cd4a4-4ea4-443c-9656-705f0b247a29.jpg",
  "oauth": "OAUTH",
  "token": "TOKEN",
  "tokenExpiredAt": "2020-10-19T16:21:02+08:00",
  "loginsCount": 1,
  "lastLogin": "2020-10-19T16:21:02+08:00",
  "lastIP": null,
  "signedUp": "2020-10-19T16:21:02+08:00",
  "blocked": false,
  "isDeleted": false,
  "device": null,
  "browser": null,
  "company": null,
  "name": null,
  "givenName": null,
  "familyName": null,
  "middleName": null,
  "profile": "https://github.com/shat810",
  "preferredUsername": null,
  "website": null,
  "gender": "U",
  "birthdate": null,
  "zoneinfo": null,
  "locale": null,
  "address": null,
  "formatted": null,
  "streetAddress": null,
  "locality": null,
  "region": null,
  "postalCode": null,
  "country": null,
  "createdAt": "2020-10-19T16:21:02+08:00",
  "updatedAt": "2020-10-19T16:21:04+08:00"
}
```
