<IntegrationDetailCard title="Splicing the login authorization link">

Initiating the implicit mode authorization login **requires splicing a URL** and letting the end user to access it in the browser, authentication address domain name **cannot be entered directly**. The specific parameters are as follows:

<ApiMethodSpec method="get" host="https://<Your applicaion domain name>.authing.cn" path="/oidc/auth" summary="Splice a link and ask the end user to access it in the browser to initiate an OIDC authorization login request." description="Initiating authorization requires splicing a URL for authorization and letting end users access it in the browser. The specific parameters are as follows:">
<template slot="queryParams">
<ApiMethodParam name="client_id" type="string" required description="Applicaion ID" />
<ApiMethodParam name="redirect_uri" type="string" required>

Callback address. After the user is successfully authenticated by the OP, the OP will send the id_token and access_token to this address in the form of URL hash. This value **must** appear in the **callback address** configured in the console, otherwise, the OP is not allowed to call back to this address. When the implicit mode is enabled, **it is recommended to use the HTTPS address for all** redirect_uri **configured in the console**, otherwise, the access_token will be transmitted in plaintext, which causes security risks. If you want to use the HTTP address, please enable 「**Don't enforce Https for implicit mode callback**」 in the console.

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="scope" type="string" required>

The permission that needs to be requested must include **openid**. If you need to **get the phone number** and **email**, phone email needs to be included. Multiple scopes should be **separated by spaces**. At the same time, id_token will contain related fields. **The implicit mode does not support returning refresh_token**, so the offline_access field is invalid.

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="response_type" type="string" required>

Return type, optional values are id_token, id_token token. The meaning is that after successful authentication, OP returns id_token and access_token. [Refer to OIDC specifications](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthorizationExamples)。

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="state" type="string" required description="A random string used to prevent CSRF attacks. If the state value in the response is different from the state value set before the request is sent, it means that it is under attack." />
<ApiMethodParam name="nonce" type="string" required>

A random string used to prevent Replay attacks. **It is required in implicit mode**.

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="prompt" type="string">

Can be none, login, consent or select_account, which specifies the interaction mode between OP and End-User. [Refer to OIDC specifications](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthRequest)。

</ApiMethodParam>
</template>

</ApiMethodSpec>

Suppose you create an OIDC application with a domain name `example`, then the URL for initiating the implicit mode OIDC authorization login is:

```
GET https://example.authing.cn/oidc/auth?client_id=5ca765e393194d5891db1927&redirect_uri=https://example.com&scope=openid profile&response_type=id_token token&state=6223573295&nonce=1831289
```

1. [Scope and user information correspondence table](/concepts/oidc-common-questions.md#scope-参数对应的用户信息)
2. [response_type parameter OIDC specification](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthRequest)
3. [prompt parameter OIDC specification](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthRequest)

</IntegrationDetailCard>
