<IntegrationDetailCard title="Splicing the login authorization link">

Initiating the implicit mode authorization login **requires splicing a URL** and letting the end user to access it in the browser, authentication address domain name **cannot be entered directly**. The specific parameters are as follows:

<ApiMethodSpec method="get" host="https://<your application domain name>.authing.cn" path="/oauth/auth" summary="Splice a link and ask the end user to access it in the browser to initiate an OAuth2.0 authorization login request." description="Initiating authorization requires splicing a URL for authorization and letting end users access it in the browser. The specific parameters are as follows:">
<template slot="queryParams">
<ApiMethodParam name="client_id" type="string" required description="Application ID" />
<ApiMethodParam name="redirect_uri" type="string" required>

Callback address. After the user is successfully authenticated by the OP, the OP will send the id_token and access_token to this address in the form of URL hash. This value **must** appear in the **callback address** configured in the console, otherwise, the OP is not allowed to call back to this address.

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="scope" type="string" required>

The requested permission is not implemented yet, please fill in user.

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="response_type" type="string" required>

Return type, please fill in `token`. It means that after successful authentication, OP returns AccessToken.

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="state" type="string" required>

A random string used to prevent CSRF attacks. If the state value in the response is different from the state value set before the request is sent, it means that it is under attack.

</ApiMethodParam>
</template>
</ApiMethodSpec>

Suppose you create an OAuth2.0 application with a domain name `example`, then the URL for initiating the implicit mode OAuth2.0 authorization login is:

```
GET https://example.authing.cn/oauth/auth?client_id=5ca765e393194d5891db1927&redirect_uri=https://example.com&scope=user&response_type=token&state=6223573295
```

</IntegrationDetailCard>
